Update wording on upgrade guide and release notes (#6353)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/updates/new-graphql-api.mdx

## Query

> We’ve changed the names of our top-level queries to be to easier understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve changed the names of our top-level queries so they’re easier to understand.
```

## Upgrade Checklist

> While there are a lot of changes to this API, we've put a lot of effort into making the upgrade guide robust. If you get stuck or have questions, reach out to us in the [Keystone community slack](https://community.keystonejs.com/) to get the help you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While there’s a lot of changes to this API, we've put a lot of effort into making the the upgrade process as smooth as possible. If you get stuck or have questions, reach out to us in the [Keystone community slack](https://community.keystonejs.com/) to get the help you need.
```
